TODO
part 5 list
	

4) Patron dashboard should be be able to change their own profile information. Patron should never be able to access other's views or profiles. Security related.
5) Administrator should be able add user, disable user, edit all user information including changing roles for a user. They should be able change all things that an individual Patron can do in their profile edit. Changing roles should be implemented are dropdown/radio buttons not a textbox. Patron and Librarian should not have access to these functions. Security related.--NOT DONE--
6) Librarian and Administrator should have a view to see all checked out books and the username of who has it checked out and and same for books on hold.--MAKE HOLD-- 
7) Passwords takes between 8 and 50 characters. At least one uppercase letter, 1 number and 1 special character *$#@!--NOT DONE--
8) Username should be between 8 and 50 character which can include number, letter and .@ special characters. Emails are acceptable usernames.--NOT DONE--
9) Duplicate usernames are not allows. If a duplicate username is attempted on register, a modal or alert styled in BootStrap should appear letting the user know that the username is already taken and to try a different username.--NOT ODNE--
10) Passwords should be salted and hashed. Makes your application secure. Security related--NOT ODNE--.
12) Hide/Unhide  passwords so that plain text is not visible on register or login. HINT: input type password. Clickable icon to hide and unhide password so the user can see the password they typed. User experience.--NOT ODNE--

Extra
13) Allow uploading for profile picture or use of selectable avatar for the profile functionality
14) Add address information to the register view and use a third party API to verify to it a valid address
15) Unit testing on as many method as possible. Super important.
16) Book title and Username should be clickable and go to the appropriate view.
17) Use enumeration on hard coded strings like roles. HINT: public enum RoleType { Administrator = 1 }
18)  # 1 Search item are clickable. Clicking any given book will send user to the details view for that item.

WORKPLAN
(4,5) - User manipulation. #MEDIUM?
(6) - Have to copy code from checkio method and change for hold. edit database to now account for holds #MEDIUM?
(7,8) - Regex, maybe some validation in model #EASY
(9) - probably check database for name.!!Figure out how to use alerts or modal #?LONG
(10) - touch up on hash and salt (I know there are hash methods) #EASY
(12)-changing input type(can do if statement)#EASY
(15)make unit test#TEDIOUS
(16)I want to make the results cards and clicking it takes it to a detail page #LONG!!!!!!!!!!!
()Correctly use the catagory button#LONG?
()Beautify Index,DashBoard#MEDIUM?

